good next one negative five x plus three
go if you ready fund in my classroom on
a typical day you'd see students come in
they would take a warm-up after the
warm-up they would go to their
individualized places around the room
and students would work on one of three
things some students who work on Khan
Academy on their own at a laptop some
students would go to work stations which
are where students are gathered around a
TV and they are working together to
solve Khan Academy problems the rest of
the students are going to be up front
with me working on a problem of the day
and just work on problem solving skills
Ankush it is AC so this completion is
a squared plus spoon
first she got all your kids signed up in
your class you can do this by using
Gmail or Facebook you should set lists
of objectives that students should
finish on Khan Academy I personally call
these playlists you want to set
individual goals for each student based
on Diagnostics this can be based on a
state test or other Diagnostics you give
but you want to give kids specific goals
that they should be working on when they
go on the program leaderboard on
currently
mr. Gosling is still winning with 303
he's whooping y'all thank you of 246
Bernice asleep doesn't want to create an
investment plan so students are engaged
so you can work with small groups while
students are on Khan Academy I do this
in many different ways the first way I
do this is making a huge part of their
grade this trimester it's going to count
is forty percent of their grade so
getting work done on Khan is very
important the other way I do it is I
make posters that rank students of how
much they've got done on Khan and I post
those up in the hallway I also
personally compete on Khan Academy
against students when students are
really invested in trying to beat me and
other teachers around the school also
compete on time one part where I really
analyze the data is an objective I'm
teaching that day if students have
already mastered that objective on Khan
Academy and I know it aligns to what I'm
teaching I often let students opt out of
the lesson and they can stay on Khan
Academy during my class everyone else
you have a fast-enough compass
get to ergo you should designate a time
during the class whether it be 15 or 20
minutes where students can work on Khan
Academy in class once you've rolled the
program out is to make sure every night
you're analyzing the data so when you
come into school the next day you can
have conferences with students and make
sure their time on Khan is very valuable
all of you guys through down in a very
quick lesson respect awesome if you
didn't get it we will go over tomorrow
and the exit on the warm-up like Tunisia
c'mon edho we'll just check in with you
guys on Tuesday